c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\CustomMessageBox.exe.config
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\CustomMessageBox.exe
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\CustomMessageBox.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\CustomMessageBox.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\CustomMessageBox_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\CustomMessageBox.g.resources
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\CustomMessageBox.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\CustomMessageBox.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\CustomMessageBox.exe
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\CustomMessageBox.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\CustomDialogWindow.baml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\CustomDialogWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Common.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Framework.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RQ.Windows.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Controls.v4.4.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.v4.4.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.UpdateFoundation.Dispatcher.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Model.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Reporting.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Telemetry.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\WPFToolkit.Extended.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\ActiproSoftware.Shared.Wpf30.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Hyperbolic.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\DPFPDevNET.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\CommandLineParser.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\C1.WPF.Schedule.4.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.Common.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.IntegrationManager.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.ESignature.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RQ.Shared.Integration.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\DPFPShrNET.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\ActiproSoftware.Editors.Wpf30.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\ChartFX.WPF.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.Common.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.XQ.Integration.Models.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\C1.C1Report.4.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\C1.Win.C1Report.4.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.Model.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\GemBox.Spreadsheet.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.Model.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\C1.WPF.DateTimeEditors.4.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\DPFPEngNET.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\WinHTMLEditorControl.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Microsoft.PointOfService.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Client.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentGateway.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\C1.Win.C1Report.2.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\ActiproSoftware.Gauge.Wpf30.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\C1.WPF.PdfViewer.4.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.Common.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Hardware.HardwareServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.Flipswap.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.MachineConfiguration.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentGateway.Common.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.Windows.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.Common.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.Provider.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\C1.WPF.4.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.PaymentGateway.Shared.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Spreadsheets.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Client.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Integration.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\ChartFX.WPF.Motifs.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.VMI.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.VMI.Model.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.XQ.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Update.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Reporting.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Mail.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Net.Smtp.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Net.SecureSocket.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Common.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Update.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.CarrierParser.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.BillingServices.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.Gateway.Common.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.Gateway.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Ent.PG.PTAB.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentGateway.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\CAFipay_net_20.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Interop.RDMCOLib.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Interop.RDMTIFFLib.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\MachineConfiguration.exe
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.SettlementString.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.SettlementString.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.Models.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.VMI.ConfigurationUtilities.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.VMI.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Security.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Net.ProxySocket.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Diagnostics.IApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Diagnostics.Transport.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Common.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Framework.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Framework.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RQ.Windows.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.UpdateFoundation.Dispatcher.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Model.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Reporting.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Reporting.Transport.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Telemetry.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\CommandLineParser.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.Common.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.Common.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.Transport.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.IntegrationManager.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.ESignature.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.ESignature.Transport.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RQ.Shared.Integration.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.Common.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.Common.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.XQ.Integration.Models.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.Model.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.Model.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.Model.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.Transport.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Client.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentGateway.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.Common.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.Common.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Hardware.HardwareServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.Flipswap.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.Flipswap.Transport.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.IApplicationServices.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.MachineConfiguration.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.IApplicationServices.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentGateway.Common.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.Windows.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.Common.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.Provider.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.Provider.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Transport.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.PaymentGateway.Shared.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Integration.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.VMI.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.VMI.Model.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.XQ.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.XQ.IApplicationServices.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Reporting.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Reporting.IApplicationServices.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Mail.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Net.Smtp.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Net.SecureSocket.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Common.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentProcessing.Common.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.CarrierParser.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.CarrierParser.IApplicationServices.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.BillingServices.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.BillingServices.Transport.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.Gateway.Common.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Integration.Gateway.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Activation.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Core.Configuration.IApplicationServices.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Ent.PG.PTAB.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.PaymentGateway.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\MachineConfiguration.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.SettlementString.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.SettlementString.Transport.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.SettlementString.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Secure.SettlementString.IApplicationServices.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.Transport.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.Models.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.Models.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.ERecycle.IApplicationServices.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.VMI.ConfigurationUtilities.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.VMI.ConfigurationUtilities.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\RetailiQ.Integration.VMI.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Security.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\Rebex.Net.ProxySocket.xml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Diagnostics.IApplicationServices.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\IQ.Enterprise.Diagnostics.Transport.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\en-US\IQ.Core.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\fr-CA\IQ.Core.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\obj\Debug\General.baml
c:\users\mina.sabbaghian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomMessageBox\CustomMessageBox\bin\Debug\WPFToolkit.dll
